# fractal
Fractal  The repository for the Fractal cryptocurrency. Fractal is the "gas" of the EcoBlockchain. Just like on Ethereum's blockchain, (and easily plugged into Ethereum, Bitcoin, Dash, Nxt, &amp; Zcash) Fractals are tokens for powering the transactions of "The Internet Of Things That Matter". Fractal tokens are designed to power the smart cities of the future, ensuring an equitable, sustainable, resilient, distributed, and decentralized framework is at the center of all Smart City and Municipal management of both Social and Natural Capital and Public Resources.  Is Your Database Designed To Improve Your Life? Databases are protectors of a world view. Whoever owns the database, sets the methods for how data is collected, to ensure certain specific outcomes or goals are met. What's the database for your Facebook posts ultimate design goal? Is it to collect data on your activities, so that it can enrich your life, and improve your health? No..actually, it is designed first and foremost, to expand the Facebook network, and to serve you customized advertisements that you are most likely to click. The owner of the database, Facebook, must make it's profit by designing the database in a way that meets this goal (selling you ads, and growing the ad-network).  A Design For Human Agency, Health, Wellness, Resiliency, and Sustainability  A database can only help you to the extent of it's design. In order to gain the absolute most benefit from your millions of pieces of data each year, you must send all that data to a database that is owned by you, designed, with your input, not to achieve some corporate sales milestone, or to improve upon some companies product, but to provide you with cumulative wisdom, shared knowledge-bases, access to subject matter experts and researchers who are all part of the same World View framework, for the betterment of human beings and planet Earth.  Following the same course of the Internet's initial formation, and growth, this publicly owned, non-profit database framework is not owned or controlled by any one company or organization. Rather, there is an explosion of alligned interests within every corner of technology, who are beginning to build the Internet 3.0 protocols, standards, and methods which will deliver a vastly improved set of values and tools, to rapidly access the abundance which is being created by all the advances in technology you see unfolding before your eyes.  Survival Of The Fitest  Our public resources, and all tools used to manage our shared natural and social capital, are severely limited by outdated and/or corporate database architectures which do not serve the public interest, and are provably inefficient and ineffective compared to open-source, distributed, decentralized computation networks, databases, telecommunications and renewable energy systems.
